add write-and-run-unit-tests.md (#57)
tisonkun/tikv-dev-guide: src/get-started/write-and-run-unit-tests.md

# Write and Run Unit Tests

> ## Add unit test cases in TiKV
> Now let's take a look at how to add unit tests to tikv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add unit test cases in TiKV

Now let's take a look at how to add unit tests to TiKV
```

> Now let's take a look at how to add unit tests to tikv
> If your modified / added code does not have a mod specifically for testing, 
> you need to create a new test module first.  
> If you already have one, skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now let's take a look at how to add unit tests to TiKV. If the code changes don't have a mod specifically for testing, you need to create a new test module. If you already have one, skip this step.
```

Generally, we don't write effective the same line after rendered in multiple lines.

### Add the tests module and #[cfg(test)]
First, add new module for unit test if the test module is not exists,
and add ```#[cfg(test)]``` macros.

#### What is #[cfg(test)]
The ```#[cfg(test)]``` annotation on the tests module tells Rust to compile and run the test code only when you run cargo test, 
not when you run cargo build. This saves compile time when you only want to build the library and saves space in the resulting compiled artifact because the tests are not included. 
You’ll see that because integration tests go in a different directory, 
they don’t need the #[cfg(test)] annotation. 
However, because unit tests go in the same files as the code, 
you’ll use ```#[cfg(test)]``` to specify that they shouldn’t be included in the compiled result.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

```rust
#[cfg(test)]
mod tests{
    
   // write your test cases 
    
}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
